well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we're going to talk about the
fundraiser
and how it went and we're going to show
you how it went um
if you don't know last week
maybe the week before not sure
we did a live stream to
raise money specifically main goal
was to put together gift bags for teens
who
are in a bad way right now it's the
second year we've done it
last year we had to put together five
bags this year we had to put together 12
and succeeded so
in those bags there's a tablet
a case a battery backup
bluetooth speaker earbuds and then
netflix card prepaid visa card domino's
card
and then they're also going to get a 15
google play card but that's they're in
multi-packs and i haven't broken them up
and put them in the bags yet
the gift bags are for teens who are in a
domestic violence shelter
over the holidays so the reason we do
tablets
even though this year i considered doing
chromebooks
um but i got overruled by people on
twitter
the uh we uh the reason we do the
tablets is because
the younger kids if they're around they
may be monopolizing the tv
this gives them a space to kind of
retreat to
be alone with their own thoughts it may
just be an 8 inch screen
but it's their 8 inch screen they can
process what's going on that's that's
the reason
we do these that was the goal
realistically we fulfilled that goal
in probably the first 15 20 minutes
of the live stream because y'all are
amazing
um i had no doubt that we'd be able to
raise the money for it
we grossly ridiculously overshot our
goal
i can't thank you enough for it so
that explains why my shop looks like a
lingerie store
shelter also said they needed pajamas
and bras down on
the floor below and you can't see a
bunch of paper products too
which are like trash bags paper towels
wrapping paper because other people are
taking care of
gifts for younger kids
but they're they're coming unwrapped so
they have that
in front of me we have additional gift
cards for like
dominoes or whatever that the shelter
can distribute
as they see fit we have
underwear socks
leggings more pajamas
a whole bunch of thermal stuff like that
somebody during the live stream
specifically said
to get batman pajamas done
so we also have all of this
on top of that we know a bunch of you
donated directly to the shelter
amazing on top of that
we still have about three thousand five
hundred dollars
that we will just be giving to them to
use as they see
fit really successful
cannot thank you enough if you don't
know this is a personal cause for me
um so i truly appreciate it
i like showing people what's done
not just to show that it gets done but
to show that
a whole bunch of people coming together
acting individually in pursuit of a
collective goal
can accomplish a whole lot in a very
short period of time
if you add up what we raised
and the money that was donated privately
we're talking about raising
right around 10 grand in
in like an hour and a half and that far
far exceeded what i expected
um i cannot thank y'all enough
for making this channel a force for good
because it really is y'all
that accomplished that um when it comes
to the stuff like this or any of the
other stuff that we do
i get the credit but y'all do the work
i'm a shipping clerk i'm a logistics
clerk
for all of it i have been asked
to do an explainer on
how we raise funds and how we mobilize
for this kind of stuff
this whole process start to finish was
filmed behind the scenes
and it will be put together and be on
the second channel
so it'll explain why i don't
name the shelter until the actual live
stream
until we're actually doing it it'll
explain why i'm making this video right
now
because this is part of the fundraising
mobilization process
even though the goal is already
completed
at the end of the day y'all did really
good
y'all made 12 kids really happy
they are in a pretty dark space
and you made it a little bit brighter
through your efforts
and it's not just donating money if you
were in that chat
and you were participating if you shared
it
even if you just sat in there and let it
play all of that
increased engagement which made youtube
show it to more people which brought
more people in which brought more money
in
when it comes to stuff like this
everybody contributes in their own way
and the one thing i learned from this is
that we have to set our sights higher
when we do stuff like this had no doubt
we'll be able to
get the gifts and overshoot
did not know it was going to be this
much
and it is it's heartwarming
even to me can't thank y'all enough
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day